Documentation updates for 1.50.0 (#3002)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/oauth/tokens.mdx

  <APIField name="authenticationType" type="String">
    The method used to authenticate the User which resulted in this JWT being generated. The possible values are:

    <AuthenticationTypeClaimValues />
  </APIField>
  <APIField name="auth_time" type="Long" since="1.36.0">
    The time of the initial authentication request expressed as UNIX time which is the number of seconds since Epoch. This claim will remain the same even when the token has been re-issued through the use of a Refresh Token.
  </APIField>
  <APIField name="birthdate" type="String" since="1.50.0">
    The birthDate of the User if available.
    Format will be in `YYYY-MM-DD` as defined by the OpenID Connect core specification.

>     This field is only populated in `Strict` mode when <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `profile` scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In version `1.50.0` and later, when the `Scope handling policy` is `Strict`, this field is only populated when the <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `profile` scope.
```

  </APIField>
  <APIField name="c_hash" type="String" since="1.5.0">
    The Authorization Code hash value. As defined by the [3.3.2.11 of the OpenID Connect Core specification](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#HybridIDToken) this value is an encoded hash of the authorization code, the algorithm used to generate this hash depends upon the algorithm used to generate the `id_token` signature.
  </APIField>
  <APIField name="email" type="String">
    The email address of the User whose claims are represented by this JWT.

>     In version `1.50.0` and later in `Strict` mode this claim is only populated when the <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `email` scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In version `1.50.0` and later, when the `Scope handling policy` is `Strict`, this field is only populated when the <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `email` scope.
```

  </APIField>
  <APIField name="email_verified" type="Boolean">
    The OpenId Connect claim indicating if the User's email has been verified.

>     In version `1.50.0` and later in `Strict` mode this claim is only populated when the <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `email` scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In version `1.50.0` and later, when the `Scope handling policy` is `Strict`, this field is only populated when the <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `email` scope.
```

  </APIField>
  <APIField name="exp" type="Long">
    The expiration instant of the JWT, expressed as UNIX time which is the number of seconds since Epoch. This registered claim is defined by
    [RFC 7519 Section 4.1.4](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.4).
  </APIField>
  <APIField name="family_name" type="String" since="1.50.0">
    The last name of the User if available.

>     This field is only populated in `Strict` mode when <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `profile` scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the `Scope handling policy` is `Strict`, this field is only populated when the <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `profile` scope.
```

  </APIField>
  <APIField name="given_name" type="String" since="1.50.0">
    The first name of the User if available.

>     This field is only populated in `Strict` mode when <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `profile` scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the `Scope handling policy` is `Strict`, this field is only populated when the <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `profile` scope.
```

    The unique identifier for this JWT. This registered claim is defined by
    [RFC 7519 Section 4.1.7](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.7).
  </APIField>
  <APIField name="middle_name" type="String" since="1.50.0">
    The middle name of the User if available.

>     This field is only populated in `Strict` mode when <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `profile` scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the `Scope handling policy` is `Strict`, this field is only populated when the <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `profile` scope.
```

  </APIField>
  <APIField name="name" type="String" since="1.50.0">
    The full name of the User if available.

>     This field is only populated in `Strict` mode when <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `profile` scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the `Scope handling policy` is `Strict`, this field is only populated when the <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `profile` scope.
```

  </APIField>
  <APIField name="nonce" type="String" since="1.5.0">
  </APIField>
  <APIField name="phone_number" type="String" since="1.50.0">
    The phone number of the User if available.

>     This field is only populated in `Strict` mode when <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `phone` scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the `Scope handling policy` is `Strict`, this field is only populated when the <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `phone` scope.
```

  </APIField>
  <APIField name="picture" type="String" since="1.50.0">
    A URL to a picture of the User if available.

>     This field is only populated in `Strict` mode when <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `profile` scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the `Scope handling policy` is `Strict`, this field is only populated when the <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `profile` scope.
```

  </APIField>
  <APIField name="preferred_username" type="String" since="1.5.0">
    The username of the User whose claims are represented by this JWT.

>     In version `1.50.0` and later in `Strict` mode this claim is only populated when the <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `profile` scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In version `1.50.0` and later, when the `Scope handling policy` is `Strict`, this field is only populated when the <InlineField>scope</InlineField> claim contains the `profile` scope.
```
